Walt is a buffoon. A buffoon is Walt. Walt knows a lot about computers and knows a lot of combes. Remy knows a lot about stocks and finances, but he also has a mental disorder called twenty-seventh stage autism paired with lysosome mediated apoptosis as outlined by the great Spedwin Carbajal, who teaches students biology.
Patrick is short but semi-intelligent and wrestles. Patrick also knows a lot about starfish with his friend Bob, who is a retarded idiot who somehow knows stuff when he knows them. Damian is good at code. Damian is slenderman, he is definitely slenderman, and slenderman is he, as is self-evident through the apprehension of the slendermanness of Damian.
Karl Marx is an idiot who does not know how the ecomony words and simply does not acknoledge the risk taken by business owners when purchasing materiel and slave labour. Luke is the most prominent Marxist who is located int his vicinity.
Patrick is good friends with Declancy, who goes by that same name but in a different manner of speech and execution. He is a belligerent wrestler who enjoys the sorrows of his enemies when beating them whilst being beaten at the same time by the allies of those whom he beats.
Magister is an intelligent Latin teacher who teaches Latin to students which are learning the great Latin Language in such a way that once they are done learning Latin in the class of Magister. Along with Latin, Magister also teaches philosophy to the students in the form of Rome Days, and as the students are men they posess the capability of apprehending forms, as outlined by Magister in his Rome Days.
Ben has intelligent capabilities in some regards when discussing certain subjects, however in others he may become engulfed by a rant which, once it lays hold, never leaves until it is done with explaining some minute detail or conspiracy theory, true though they are, it can get annoying at some times.
Tomas is terrible at reciting poetry, especially annunciating; this is most likely because he neglects to practice until the night before the bard competition. In other words he is stupid and unintelligent, and he also is bad at managing his time.
Supercilious is a rare word and the supercilious way of being supercilious is quite unaffected by the understanding of the fascination of the completely random assortment of words in this minor sentence, which only bears any weight when in the discussion of supercility of being supercilious.